Introduce students with no previous background experience earlier to actual programming languages, instead of toy programming languages scratch. 
I don't want to wait until unit 2 to get started learning python. In fact, why not just put it at the beginning of the course? 
Teach more applicable skills such as app dev and web dev. I realised that even my IGCSE ICT course is more advanced than my MUFY ICT College course. Coming to Mufy ICT feels like taking a step backwards. I don't feel like I am actually learning.

Don't waste time introducing students to topics that are too amateurish such as Microsoft Excel and scratch, who would pay so much money to learn all these anyway? Is this course meant for script kiddies?
I could've spent $10 on Udemy.com online and learn a whole lot more than the entire MUFY ICT college course.
As if that $10 is much more worth spending than my entire college fees.

Compare this course to other foundation courses. For instance, the sunway foundation (FIA)'s computer science course is already teaching programming languages like Java at the start of their course. 
The content of this course should be more advanced and realistic, if its too ameteurish, students with background programming experience will get disappointed. Student without background programming experience will end up relearning things that didn't really mattered that much such as Microsoft excel.
 
Currently, the content of this course is too limited and amateurish, I am much more advanced than that. Coming here makes me feel like I am learning nothing, as if I am just here for the qualifications. Nothing more nothing less. Learning Microsoft Excel in college? Seriously? I'm already made a few bucks through ad revenue by creating my own apps in Java and Games in C++ before I started MUFY, ICT Mufy isn't keeping up with my standards, I realized that taking my initiative to learn on my own online taught me a whole lot important skills than doing some silly college courses, I can't expect these skills to be taught in class because the course itself is too limited. I don't like it when you mix academics and programming, because its too unrealistic, and the academics are outdated. 